(Episode 36)
I'm sorry for being late.
It's okay. My class ended early.
I rushed a little bit.
Order something that she'd like.
It's okay.
Let's eat after we finish talking.
Okay.
How are you? Are you feeling okay?
There are some aftereffects,
but it's okay.
My heart fluttered a little
while coming here...
since you asked me on a date first.
I came here to discuss something
about Tae Yang.
That's been giving me a headache.
I don't know what to do...
because Lee Ru Ri is so persistent.
I think we'll find answer today...
about what we should do.
What do you mean?
Leave. You are so rude.
Wait a minute.
I have something to tell you.
Please allow me some time.
What are you doing?
The guest is leaving. See them out.
It's okay.
They're my guests.
You must have gone through
a lot of trouble to be here.
Thank you for giving us the chance.
What are you doing?
She gave...
me a call this morning.
She wanted to know more about Ru Ri
and asked us to meet.
What are you talking about?
What is there more to know about her
to make this happen?
Isn't what we've found out
about her enough?
Kevin.
I don't know what happened...
and how they persuaded you,
but I don't want to know more
or find out more about her.
Chairman, look.
You told me yourself last time
when you were in my office.
You refused this marriage because
it was dirty and cheap.
How should I understand you
changing your words...
like this?
The fact that you're saying
different things...
is the proof that
you're not truthful.
Wait a minute. Please listen to me.
It's...
I'm not saying different things.
I can say things differently because
the situation has changed.
This all happened
because of a misunderstanding.
What is a misunderstanding?
Is it a misunderstanding that your
son broke up with someone...
before marriage all because of you?
That's true,
but there's a reason for that.
Is it also a misunderstanding that
she became a single mother...
and got locked up in prison?
Chairman, nothing will be solved...
if you keep on picking on
every single thing.
Listen to me first.
I don't have time to listen to you.
Let's go.
Wait a minute. They have gone
through a lot of trouble to be here.
Please leave first.
People are watching.
What are you doing? Move.
Wait a minute.
Don't move.
Honey.
I already embarrassed myself.
Please excuse me for a little more.
Will you give me some time,
or will you promote your restaurant
with such scene on the Internet?
We're in trouble.
I think that you were right.
Jung Hwa Young invited
Lee Ru Ri's parents,
and they're having
a face-to-face meeting.
What are they talking
about right now?
Lee Shin Mo is intent on resolving
their misunderstanding.
It will be dangerous
if they start talking about it.
We have no choice now.
We'll have to use the last plan
as expected.
When will Dad return to the company?
3 pm?
Okay.
Why are you doing this?
You've found out enough about
Lee Ru Ri and her family.
Why would you make such an
uncomfortable event like this?
You're right.
I've found out enough about
Lee Ru Ri.
I even met Jung Su Mi in prison,
and I even saw documents about
her after a private investigation.
I also heard about everything
that happened in the past...
from the director and Ae Ri.
Isn't that enough?
Why do we need to be here?
But I haven't heard anything
directly from her.
Everything we heard was from
a third party.
I wanted to hear it
directly from herself.
That's how you get to know
a person properly.
If we hear from her directly, do you
think she will tell us the truth?
She will do anything to marry
Tae Yang.
Is it that great...
to be your son?
Honey.
What is the exact reason
for opposing my daughter?
You're doing this to find a good
match for Tae Yang, right?
That's why I'm opposing like this.
How will you take...
responsibility then?
As your wife said, if they break up
despite their true love...
because of your misunderstanding,
will you take responsibility?
What did you say?
To be honest,
I was hesitant
about this marriage...
after learning Tae Yang's
background.
Ru Ri's father was also hesitant.
But we accepted them
because they were sincere.
You might think...
that we changed our minds
because of your background.
But him being your son
isn't great enough...
to sell my daughter's life.
That's good then.
Let's end this since we have
reached an agreement.
Chairman.
Will you be okay...
with your son living exactly
like you?
What?
I heard that you longed for your
loved ones for your entire life...
because you made a mistake
and got separated.
Will you be okay with your son
living the exact life as yours...
because of your mistake?
Be careful with your words.
I'm enduring you to not let
him live like me.
Chairman,
please try a little bit harder.
We will give up completely...
if the misunderstanding isn't
resolved after listening to me.
Okay.
The incident at the Guam resort...
is solved by Stephanie
who used to work together.
The director of the printing office
said...
he would write a statement
about the fake poster.
Joo Ae Ri, you're over now.
Myung Rang, I got the data
that the manager asked for.
Okay.
I've never seen a scarier person
than Joo Ae Ri.
Ru Ri will be okay now, right?
Of course.
We're also in trouble.
Dad wants to meet you.
What? What should we do?
Don't worry.
My dad likes humorous people.
Try telling me a funny story
as a practice.
I'm bad at making people laugh.
Ginseng is the best when you harvest
it after six years.
When should you harvest
wild ginseng then?
When should I harvest it?
After three years?
No, as soon as you see it.
Wait a minute. So you have
to harvest it as soon as you see it?
That hurts.
I'm sorry. That must have hurt.
I have a habit of slapping people
while laughing.
This is funny though. Try again.
I don't have any more funny stories.
I don't have any more!
No more jokes!
That's not good.
You're going to meet my dad.
What about this one?
What time is it in India now?
I don't know.
It's Indonesia.
Stop hitting me!
Gosh, come on! Tell me more jokes!
Sung Tan!
There's only one way.
I'll settle it by tomorrow.
You said you'll settle the matter
today. What are you going to do?
Let's meet the chairman together
and tell him the truth.
This isn't going to be pretty.
I don't want you to be involved.
I can take care of this.
Just wait until then.
I'll wait for you.
Tell me when you need my help.
I don't want to be played
by Joo Ae Ri's tricks.
(Joo Ae Ri)
Hello.
We should meet today.
I need some answers from you.
What did you say?
How dare you say that to me?
I'm the one who needs answers.
That's why we should meet
and discuss this.
If you feel wronged, come to
the conference room by three.
Hey, Joo Ae Ri! Joo Ae Ri!
Please tell us
what we have misunderstood.
All right.
My daughter can tell you herself...
what you have
misunderstood about her.
I'm going to explain
the matter regarding my son.
Manager Jung gave me the recording,
and I listened to
what Su Mi said over 10 times.
Please take a look at this.
(Transaction Receipt)
(Recipient: Jung Su Mi,
Amount: 50,000 dollars)
(I, Jung Su Mi, promise not to
hold Lee So Won responsible.)
What is this?
After my son started his army duty,
she came to visit me.
I want to give him a clean break,
but I have a problem.
What is the problem?
I need money.
A lot of money.
I'll pretend I didn't hear it.
Haven't you figured it out yet?
Why I ordered...
juice instead of coffee?
She told me she was pregnant.
She suggested first...
that she'd get an abortion
if I pay her 100,000 dollars.
I didn't like her anyway,
so I accepted her suggestion...
and sent her the money.
That's the receipt and memorandum
I received at that time.
My goodness.
(I, Jung Su Mi, promise not to
hold Lee So Won responsible.)
She hadn't contacted us
for all these years.
Only a few months ago,
a girl was abandoned
in front of my son's clinic.
What's going on?
After her mother went to prison,
she lived in a dump.
The girl's aunt abandoned her
in front of his clinic.
My daughter-in-law is sterile,
so Su Mi said that we took
her daughter away from her.
That is not true either.
Because of the child,
my son was divorced.
We are raising the child.
Even though we don't like
her mother, we adore the child...
perhaps, because
she carries our lineage.
Wait. Then why did that woman...
tell these vicious lies
when she's abandoned her child?
We don't know why she told...
those lies either.
It doesn't matter
how disappointed she is.
We are raising her daughter
after all.
I don't understand
why she'd go that far.
At first,
what she did infuriated me.
But thinking back,
it's all my fault.
You were right, sir.
I did everything in my power...
to make sure my son had
an easy and comfortable life.
In a nutshell, I just wanted
my son to live in comfort.
But in doing so,
I hurt someone else's daughter.
What goes around comes around.
My wife and I...
don't have anything to offer
unlike you, a successful chairman.
However, we raised our children
with love to make sure...
they lead an honest life.
I came here...
because I can't stand the fact...
that she's going to live...
the rest of her life with pain
because of my mistake.
My hands are tied if you still don't
believe me after my explanation.
If you can understand where
I'm coming from as a parent,
please give your blessing
for my daughter.
Ru Ri lived an ordinary life,
but she has the biggest heart.
She's thoughtful, cheerful,
understanding, and diligent.
Most of all, she loves
Manager Jung with all her heart.
About the rumors you heard...
about Ru Ri,
please get to the bottom of them...
with Manager Jung and Ru Ri.
They will give you clarity.
Yes, we will.
I'm glad that
we had this meeting today.
If everything you told us is true,
I don't have
any reasons to oppose...
this marriage.
Because both of us...
lived an unfortunate life,
we just wanted...
Tae Yang to marry...
a girl who grew up in a happy family
with a lot of love.
That's why...
Thank you for the explanation.
I will look into this
when I get back.
Thank you.
The chairman will be
on his way soon.
Get ready.
Yeon Ju loves you,
but it's a secret.
It's a secret.
You should never say it.
I told you not to say it.
Why are you laughing?
Would you tell me why?
It's a secret, Aunt.
But what is that?
This?
It's a hat for babies in Africa.
Why do babies wear hats?
So they won't die from cold...
but live a very long life.
That's why Hat Granny wears a hat.
So she can live a very long life.
What a pig.
Hat Granny?
When children grow up,
we need to let them go their ways.
The only thing...
you can do is
watch her live her life.
Mark my words. Your child is going
to suffer the sin you committed!
Right.
This is what I'm destined for.
I heard destiny isn't something
you can change.
That must be right.
I'm handing down my destiny.
Mom, how did you sleep?
My only daughter went out
and didn't come in.
How do you think I would have slept?
I'm sorry, Mom.
I told you that I needed fresh air
because I had a lot on my mind.
Gosh.
For someone who needed fresh air
for having a lot on one's mind,
you look really good.
You face is literally glowing.
Gosh, Mom.
By the way, what happened
to the Harvard conman?
You should have put the twins
and their mother to prison.
If words get out,
it won't do any good.
But I hit them really hard...
and broke a few teeth.
I can't lift my arm now.
That's how it ended.
Well done.
By the way, So Won was
really cool that day.
Do you remember?
He came in out of nowhere
and saved you.
If it were not for him,
you would have been...
hospitalized for
at least five weeks.
You shouldn't ever forget that,
all right?
Of course I know that.
If it were not for him, you'd have
gotten married to that conman.
I can't forget that.
By the way, you just came in.
Where are you going again?
I... I need to go to the store.
New clothes are arriving today,
so I'm going to be busy.
Gosh, Yeon Ju.
I got you wrapped around my finger.
Gosh. Your store?
I know already that
you're going out to see a man.
Gosh, I can't bear to see this.
I'm so thankful
that I can be with you.
I'm so happy to have you
by my side as well.
Mom, I have something to tell you.
Can we meet at home?
Ta-da.
What are you doing? You said
you only had the morning shift.
You look so pretty.
It's been months since I visited
your place. I need to look pretty.
I feel as nervous as
the first day I went to...
visit your place.
Don't worry. No one in my family
will be against us.
I've been thinking overnight,
and if Mom disagrees again,
I'll just go and live at your dad's.
You said he's gotten better
at housekeeping.
We won't starve there, will we?
That's the scariest thing
I've ever heard.
I'll do my best
so that it won't ever happen.
If we had a time machine, it'd be
nice to skip all the middle parts...
and fast-forward to the part
where we live together again.
I told you not to worry.
I won't lose you ever again.
Okay.
Why did you buy so many ingredients?
Shin Mo did well today,
so I want to give him a prize.
Is this abalone his prize?
I'm worried about
his ocular hypertension.
I heard abalone is good for that,
so I'll make some abalone porridge.
Gosh, Young Hye.
Why do you bother
with marriage graduation?
You've done enough
to tame your husband.
What do you mean?
The fact that you're still
worried about his health...
shows that you still love Shin Mo.
You shouldn't stress yourself
with marriage graduation.
Just live together again.
Whatever happens, money is the best.
And having a husband is
good for you too.
You won't find a better husband
than Shin Mo.
You should try living with him
and see if you can say that then.
I came because So Won said
he had something to tell me.
Oh my goodness.
He must be about to do it.
It's good news.
You should look forward to it.
Mom.
We have a guest.
A guest?
Hello, Mother.
Why did you two come in together?
I told you. It's good news.
Yeon Ju, welcome to
So Won's house.
Hello.
How about Mr. Jang?
Did you find out
what I asked you to do?
A house facing south
with plentiful sunlight.
How large?
That's enough.
I'll make a contract tomorrow.
Get an appointment.
What? Reunion?
Oh, my. How?
When did this happen?
We've never really broken up
in our minds.
We tried because of my mom,
but we just realized
that it's not possible.
We don't want to waste time.
Han Gyul will be going to school
next year.
We need to make a home for her.
Will you give us your blessings?
Of course.
If you want to get married again,
I'm thankful and happy.
But Mrs. Yang is the problem.
She tried so hard...
and even made you get divorced.
She won't agree to this easily.
Right. Nothing has really changed.
How will you persuade Mrs. Yang?
We'll need to go through with it.
We'll try to persuade her
even if it means...
we need to try 10 or 20 times.
If that doesn't work,
I'll move here.
I was too young in the past,
and I didn't want to live
with in-laws.
But now, I'm not in the place
to make a choice.
We agree to you living together.
But I think you need to
think carefully...
about leaving your mother's house.
What do you mean?
They've gone through enough already.
They love each other,
but they had to get divorced.
They both had a hard time.
Ha Yeon Ju,
can you swear
that you'll keep your word?
If Mrs. Yang disagrees
until the end,
you need to come
and live in this house.
Yes, I swear. You can trust me.
That's enough for me.
They don't need to
go through any more trouble.
I'll go and persuade
that stubborn lady.
You don't need to do that.
Mom.
She just came.
Take a seat.
It'll take a while.
We don't need to talk for long.
I see how you're isolating me...
and planning things by yourselves.
But I think you should listen to
what I have to say.
I'm sorry, Mother.
We were going to visit you tonight
to announce the news.
News? What news?
Yeon Ju and I are going to get
married again.
We're going to try hard
and show you that we're happy.
Please give us your blessings.
Yes, Mom.
I might die without So Won
beside me.
You've done enough.
You tried to match me up
with that Harvard conman.
You've done enough to oppose us.
You should stop now.
You should. Give your blessings.
Only if you change your mind,
everyone in this room will be happy.
That's right. They want it so much.
Just let them win this time.
They've matured so much.
They'll be all right.
I told you...
that it's time for you
to let them go.
Hat Granny,
Yeon Ju and Dad
like each other a lot.
You should give your blessings.
If you don't, you're a dummy.
Hey!
Gosh, Han Gyul.
If you keep...
saying mean things to me,
I won't have you
as my granddaughter.
If you call me "dummy" again,
I'm going to scold you!
Mom.
Shut your mouth, everyone.
Doctor Lee, come here.
Stand beside me.
I'm not going to hit you.
Don't be scared.
You saved Yeon Ju from marrying
that Harvard conman.
I'll allow...
you to marry again.
You make me sick, but do your best
to live happily.
Mother.
I'm so happy.
You thought well.
You made a really hard decision.
You're very broad-minded.
Thank you.
They will live really happily.
My goodness.
Very good job.
There's no time to delay.
Let's have a simple meal
with the family next week.
We'll pack their things
and send them to you immediately.
No.
Send all of their things to...
the apartment located
at Cheongdam intersection.
Mother.
We're going to live with you.
What are you talking about?
No thank you.
I don't want to see...
Yeon Ju having a hard time
raising this child.
The apartment is about 200m².
It will be just right
and cozy for three people.
From this moment, we're done...
talking about their remarriage.
The end.
Wait a minute.
Are you going to accept them or not?
Goodness.
Wait a minute.
Gosh.
What is she doing?
Oh, my.
How could you just leave like that?
The kids are so in love.
How could you throw
a cold blanket like that?
I told you continuously.
Do you still not understand?
Let go of the kids now.
Let go of me.
This is the best I can do.
Mrs. Yang.
The kids said
that they will live happily.
Just trust them one more time.
Stop it. You don't have to do that.
She can do as she likes.
You can't be like this.
You've caused enough trouble.
You need to stop now.
Is it that big of a deal
to have a daughter?
I heard...
that my son stopped your daughter
from marrying a conman.
You should be grateful.
What? Grateful?
Let's be honest.
We don't have that much time
left in life.
You'll probably pass away
10 years earlier than me.
You need to learn how to bend
yourself...
for the future of the kids.
You've been showing off
what you have done for them.
Now you're saying, "Just take this
and leave."
You're just throwing
a temper tantrum.
It's just an old person being
crabby.
Do you think I'm doing this because
I'm crabby?
If you don't know anything
about a person's story,
just be quiet and stay still.
Okay.
I was going to stop talking.
Yeon Ju, do as I told you.
It doesn't matter if there's
an apartment in Cheongdam.
Pack your things,
and move to this house.
- Father.
- Fine.
Do as you want. I don't care
if you live here or there.
Goodbye.
Mother.
- Mom.
- Gosh.
Oh, my.
Gosh.
Mother.
You did a good job.
I don't care if they hate me.
This was my best option.
Regarding the misunderstanding
on Ru Ri,
please check directly with
Ru Ri and Tae Yang.
Tell Tae Yang and Ae Ri
to come to my office.
Okay.
Manager Jung, the chairman
wants to see you at 3pm.
Okay.
I was going to see him.
Will the chairman listen to you now?
I'll have to meet him first and do
my best to reveal the truth.
Did you prepare everything
I asked you to do?
Yes.
This is the statement of what Ae Ri
did at the printing office.
I wrote in detail about what
happened in Guam.
I also called Stephanie
who worked together with us.
She also sent a statement.
I have the video of Ae Ri...
copying the menu that you have
developed in this USB.
Thank you.
Father will believe us
if he sees these.
Cheer up.
Call me whenever you need
my testimony.
The chairman will arrive
in five minutes.
Manager Jung, isn't that Ru Ri?
That's Ru Ri, isn't it?
Why is she here?
Meet me in the conference room
at 3pm.
It's me.
Where are you right now?
- Are you here?
- Yes.
Joo Ae Ri wanted to see me.
Why don't you get in?
What are you doing?
Ru Ri, what's going on?
It's Joo Ae Ri. Wait a minute.
Stop.
- Joo Ae Ri!
- Manager Jung!
Joo Ae Ri.
Let's go.
Joo Ae Ri, wait a minute.
What are you doing? Are you crazy?
Give me my bag.
No, please don't push me.
What are you talking about?
- I'm just...
- No.
Please don't touch me.
What?
Ae Ri.
Ae Ri, are you okay?
I think she's heavily injured.
We need to move her to the hospital.
Hello, is this 911?
This is SC Food and Beverage.
Please come quickly.
We're doing this to help Dad, right?
Of course.
We're going to be a matchmaker
from now on.
We're going to be a couple manager
that connects Mom and Dad.
I'm not sure how effective
it will be, but let's do our best.
Who told you to do the dishes?
Stop taking my work away from me,
and mind your own business.
It's okay.
Mom's not attracted to you
since you always do the chores.
That's why she doesn't sleep
with you in the same room.
Be romantic from now on
like when you were dating.
Right.
Work out and get some muscles.
Lie down on the couch.
I'll put a facial mask on you.
No thank you. I'm too old for it.
Don't say that. You're still good.
Cheer up. And make us
a younger sibling.
What?
Younger... Stop it.
Gosh.
I'm home.
I'm going to rest.
Okay.
What are you doing?
Go and give her some foot massage.
She said she's going to rest.
Hurry up.
Eun Byul and I will stay upstairs.
Let's go.
Guys...
I...
trust my son more than Joo Ae Ri.
How did it go?
Did you sort things out?
What? Did it not work out?
Was Joo Ae Ri right?
I must be stupid.
I trust people so easily.
I don't have an eye for people.
That's why my life is so miserable.
What are you talking about?
I almost hurt Tae Yang's heart
if it wasn't for you.
I think there's something
going on around Tae Yang.
Thanks to you,
Chairman Kevin's on action.
The truth will be revealed soon.
That's a relief.
But it's true that you're stupid.
You chose me instead of
wealthy Chairman Kevin.
You must've been very upset
because of me.
I realized once again how much
you mean to me.
I'll try harder.
I can't believe it.
How could something
so scandalous happen in the company?
What's going on?
Father. I don't know what you saw,
but you should never trust it
as it is.
It's all part of Ae Ri's plan.
You stay quiet.
Lee Ru Ri.
Explain what's going on.
Why did this happen?
You wouldn't trust anything I say,
but it's so unfair to back off
like this,
so I'll only tell you the truth.
Joo Ae Ri called me around noon
and said that...
she needed to discuss something
with me...
and wanted to meet
in the conference room at 3pm.
I even have call history.
So?
I was on the elevator, then suddenly
it stopped on the second floor.
Joo Ae Ri was waiting outside.
She suddenly took my bag...
and ran towards the stairs.
I chased her since I didn't know
what was going on.
She's right. I heard everything
because we were on the phone.
I heard Ru Ri saying "what are you
doing?" and chasing her.
I told you to stay quiet.
So? Did you get emotional
and ended up pushing her?
That's not true, sir.
I only wanted to get my bag.
She screamed and jumped off
the stairs.
That doesn't make sense at all.
That's so dangerous.
Who would do that
unless they're out of their mind?
What would she get out of it?
Me right now.
I already lost your trust.
Now she's turned me into a psycho.
She's right, Father.
You must trust us.
I have witnesses outside, sir.
I think they'll help you judge.
Let them in.
Yes, sir.
Tell him...
exactly as you saw.
Did you see the woman standing
next to you pushing the other woman?
Yes. I was getting on the elevator
on the second floor,
then I heard them fighting.
The other woman was running away.
This woman chased her
and argued with her.
Don't touch me. Please.
That woman begged her not to touch
her, but she still pushed her.
Then she fell off.
Excuse me.
I saw it too.
I saw her...
getting pushed in the lobby
and falling down.
Wait.
Did you see her pushing her?
Tell me the truth.
Did you see her pushing her
with your own eyes?
I don't know. It happened so fast.
Anyway, I heard her saying,
"Please don't push me."
What about you?
Tell me what you saw only.
Stop it. It's so pathetic that
I can't listen to it anymore.
Good job. You can leave now.
Father. You have to see the truth.
The truth that Ru Ri would never do
such thing.
It's all Joo Ae Ri's plan.
I'm telling you the truth.
Please trust me, sir.
I met your father today and
listened to what he had to say.
Until then I thought that
I misunderstood...
and that I should let Tae Yang
marry the person he wants.
How could this happen?
- Chairman Kevin.
- I want to trust you too.
But it happened in front of me,
and we have witnesses.
How do you expect me to trust you?
I have to see evidence to trust you.
I believe people don't change
easily.
When you see this, you'll realize
what Joo Ae Ri has done.
If you still can't believe it after
you see it,
I won't say anything.
Follow me.
- Wait. Chairman Kevin.
- Stop it.
Let's go.
Manager Jung.
We can't leave like this.
We must straighten things up.
You can stay here.
I'll go talk to the chairman again.
Don't you get it?
Whatever we say, he won't trust us.
He already has prejudice,
and that happened in front of him.
Do you think he'd trust us?
What do you want to do now?
Do you want to let him misunderstand
and think I'm a psycho?
You want to give in to him
and break up?
Is that why you dragged me out?
Don't you get it?
If Father doesn't stop,
there's only one way to stop him...
from being fooled by that witch.
What would that be?
No matter what happens,
I'm not breaking up with you.
But I lived 30 years without Father.
I'm willing to live without him
again.
Manager Jung.
I gave him the last chance.
It's up to him to grab it or not.
You make the hat...
to live a very long life.
Hey.
Are you showing off
that you're highly educated?
Why would you play
some ghost music like that...
in the house when I'm so disturbed?
Oh, my.
This is a very famous aria.
Puccini's Gianni Schicchi's...
Whether it's Gianni or not,
I'm heartbroken, and it's painful.
Give me some makgeolli to drink.
Make some jeon too.
You have so many wines
in the winery.
Why would you drink makgeolli?
It's not dignifying.
If you burp after drinking it,
it stinks.
If I want to poop and rub it over,
it doesn't matter
because it's my house.
Take out makgeolli
and make some jeon.
Yes.
Think about their future...
and you need to learn
how to bend yourself.
You've been showing off
what you have done for them.
And now you want to ruin everything?
You're just throwing
a temper tantrum.
It's just an old person being
crabby.
Crabby?
What does he know about
the difficult life I have led?
How dare he say that?
That's strange.
It's shocking.
She let everything go
after seeing them happy...
at the pension.
She even cried.
But why would she cause trouble
like this?
I know, right?
She's just making up
weird conditions...
because she has no other reason.
It's not that they're unwilling to
move out of her house.
Living at her house
is already stressful.
So Won, it's good for you.
- Father.
- Am I wrong?
To be honest, if she's that rich,
she needs to be thankful.
If I were her,
I'd build 10 orphanages.
If I have more left, I'd donate one
billion dollars to Seoul Station.
They can help the homeless survive
through this cold weather.
She won't take it with her
when she dies.
Raising a child won't be much.
Why is she making a fuss?
Oh my goodness.
If anyone hears you, Shin Mo,
they'd think you're brazen.
It was our mistake
having a child out of wedlock.
Why do you blame her?
I mean, they are in love.
With this much romance,
everything can be excused.
"If you can make a woman laugh,"
"you can make her do anything."
So Won. If you can make her laugh,
you can make her do anything.
There must be a reason behind this.
You should try...
and solve her problem.
Gosh. Don't try to teach here.
You're such a teacher.
In this house, I'm the truth.
Just do as I say.
Shin Mo, be quiet.
Yeon Ju,
what do you want to do?
Shin Mo is right.
I don't want to fight with Mom.
I want to live with So Won
as soon as possible.
So I'll move here.
I don't think I can raise
Han Gyul by myself.
She always gets me.
They say that we should
strike while the iron is hot.
Now that we're talking about this,
you should pack and come home.
Mrs. Yang agreed.
You should come tomorrow.
So Won's room has been
painted clean,
so you don't need to worry
about anything. Come live here.
All right, Father.
I'll trust you and pack my things.
How about you, So Won?
Do you agree?
I'll deal with this.
Let's go. I'll take you home.
Do you think I'm being crabby?
If you don't know anything,
shut your mouth.
After I let him go,
my life has been a fiery pit.
And now you want Yeon Ju
to go through the same hardship?
I beg you.
Just let go of Yeon Ju now.
What are you thinking about?
Are you worried
because I'm leaving Mom?
You're not leaving.
We're going to live with her.
You're not saying I should
wait a little longer, are you?
I think I know the reason why.
What do you mean?
Your mom doesn't hold grudges.
If she had to give us conditions,
there must be a reason.
What do you mean?
Have you heard of the name
Ha Eun Jo?
Who is that?
Your older brother.
What?
I had a brother?
That can't be.
Where is he?
In your mom's heart.
What?
Mungyeong Saejae
Why is there a hill?
The bending path
Raises me up
Gosh.
- Hey!
- Catch me!
Come here!
Be careful!
Live life
Roundly like a pumpkin
Mungyeong Saejae
Why is there a hill?
The bending path
Makes me cry
Ari arirang
Suri surirang
Ara-riga natne
- Arirang
- Mom, I'm home!
I'm here too!
Coming.
Don't they love it?
Your father-in-law
always said he wanted to...
live with you.
Gosh, it's good news for him.
Mom, please don't be angry.
No, I'm not angry. I'm not.
I mean,
my daughter is going to
live with someone she loves.
Why would I be angry?
I mean it. I do.
My biggest wish was that
you'd find someone you love...
and that you'd live with him.
I mean it, Yeon Ju.
So you can take all your clothes...
and the furniture you want
from this house.
And if you need anything else,
you can buy anything.
You can buy everything you want.
I just had a few drinks,
and now I'm feeling dizzy.
You should stay a bit before you go.
You're doing this because of him.
Ha Eun Jo.
Yeon Ju's brother.
Why do you have such a light mouth?
Stop talking nonsense and leave.
I don't want to talk about it.
Mother, please.
I need to talk to you.
Why don't you listen to me?
I don't want to talk about it.
Why do you come lurking here?
I am right, aren't I?
You want us to live separately
because of Eun Jo, right?
You don't want to watch Yeon Ju
raise Han Gyul.
If you know that,
why do you keep talking about that?
You're right. I'm a sinner.
I have sinned.
So I can't bear to watch Yeon Ju
raise someone else's child.
That's why I told you to leave.
It's like torture to me.
Stop it.
You don't need to feel guilty.
You told me...
that you sent your brother away
because of your mother-in-law...
and it happened
while you went to see him.
Anyone would have done it
in a situation like that.
He disappeared while you were
secretly out.
That's not your fault.
That's no one's fault.
You didn't abandon him on purpose.
You don't need to feel guilty.
So, please forget the past...
What if I did abandon him?
I couldn't... I couldn't tell you.
That's not something
that a human would do.
But it's what I've done.
So I couldn't tell you the truth!
Mother.
Gosh.
I...
Eun Jo...
I abandoned Eun Jo...
on purpose.
I went back home to see my brother.
I couldn't stand watching...
how he was living,
so I abandoned him.
Chun Bum.
Chun Ok.
My mother-in-law promised me...
to send him to a rich family.
But he cut wood in the winter...
wearing worn-out cotton clothes...
and rubber shoes.
They didn't even send him to school.
They made him work
like a total slave.
After I saw that,
I did what I did.
What do you mean?
What did you do?
Tell me what you did.
Hey, kid.
Wake up, kid.
Chun Ok.
What do I do now?
I left Eun Jo there...
and went home alone.
I left him in the train station
I left him crying on the street...
and went home alone.
Mom.
Since then...
we could never find him.
When I got pregnant with you,
my mother-in-law cursed at me.
If I ever give a birth
to a daughter,
my daughter will pay for what I did.
She cursed at me.
If you raise Dr. Lee's child,
that's all my fault.
You're raising Han Gyul...
because of what I've done wrong.
That's why I can't face her.
I can't. Do you get it?
Mom.
You were suffering so much.
Why didn't you tell me?
You should've told me earlier.
Then you didn't have
to suffer alone...
for all those years.
But Mom...
if that's so painful,
you can pay Han Gyul for
what you did to him instead.
Give the love you couldn't
give him to Han Gyul,
and you can pay her instead.
As long as you and I raise
Han Gyul together,
it's all fine.
As much as we love Han Gyul,
someone else probably loved
my brother.
That will do it. That'll do it, Mom.
Let's do that.
That will do, Mom.
What? Chun Ok?
Say it.
What are you supposed to call her
instead of Chun Ok?
Chun Ok. Chun Ok. Chun Ok.
Mom. It's Mom. Call her Mom.
Chun Ok.
Do it again.
Goodness.
It's fine.
Kim Eun Jo
Eun Jo.
Is that my real name?
Manager Jung.
(Myung Rang forgot the order.)
Sorry.
(I'm sorry.)
(It's Tae Yang's turn
to say the line.)
(Laughing)
I'm sorry.
Gosh.
(Man Who Sets the Table)
Mom. Should I give up
on this marriage?
I can't think of a way to beat her.
Have you forgotten
how Ae Ri's mom died?
We're not bad.
We're getting back what's ours.
This is justice.
You must be happy this time.
I'll make you smile
for the rest of your life.
I'm going to make you pay for it
today.
Exactly as I suffered.
As far as I know, you can never
beat me no matter what you do.